{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 !!FULLY WORKING ON 4.5+ Inch SCREENS!!\
\
// Issue 1\
In certain simulators text such as the title for the ToDoEditCat view controller might be slight off and not showing as intended. \
\
// Issue 2\
The image preview may not show in certain simulators and for some reason. Also clicking the picture preview no longer shows a fullscreen stretch view of the picture.\
\
// Issue 3\
Don't think this is on my end but I'm not really sure what's up with my storyboard UI but I think Xcode is bugging out with it. The layouts look like they're  completely off even with no ambiguous constraints. This made it difficult to configure things at one point but if you do some moving of the view controllers the layout seems to fix itself sometimes. Just making sure this doesn't 
\b count off
\b0  on me as unreadable code or bad format because through the simulators or iPhone it's all perfectly where it should be.\
\
This is optimized however for iPhone 6 considering that was my debugging platform and can guarantee everything runs smoothly. Other than relativity issues in small cases and the image being weird everything should be smooth.\
\
I had ran into some major issues with some of the challenges on the original GitHub submission and had to do a ton of catchup this weekend by remodeling code and making it work with what was intended for the program. With more time I'm sure the issues above could be solved which is entirely on my end. As of writing this it's Monday 1:50 AM so I have to call it quits. \
\
Sorry for the inconveniences!\
\
}